f x 1200 digital finishing system fast
easy and affordable digital label
finishing the FX 1200 digital finishing
system is an all-in-one offline solution
that produces rolls of finished labels
produced by a variety of narrow web
output devices including primaries see X
1200 digital color label press once
started F X 1200 automatically performs
all of the finishing steps needed to
create finished label rolls to begin a
job simply select your cut file and hit
run first F X 1200 laminates the printed
material providing a finished glossy and
durable surface to your labels next FX
1200 digitally die-cuts the labels using
primaries patent-pending quadra cut
technology quadra cut uses up to 4 knife
blades at a time across the web this
dramatically increases throughput
compared to single blade systems since
it lets you digitally cut virtually any
shape or size you'll save a significant
amount of time and money by not having
to buy or inventory mechanical dies
after your labels are cut f x 1200
neatly removes and winds up the waste
label matrix finally F X 1200 neatly
rewinds the labels to up to 4 finished
rolls digital finishing is the clear
choice for companies that need to make
labels on demand and need a reliable
robust solution to create
professional-quality finished labels it
is the best digital finishing solution
you'll find it anywhere near its price
for fast easy and affordable digital
color label printing add primaries see X
1200 digital color label press to create
stunning full color labels together f x
1200 NC x 1200 are a revolutionary
complete digital label production
solution to learn more about primaries
FX 1200 digital finishing system and CX
read digital color labeled press visit
us on the internet at www.pedestrians